Good morning, family! Praise the Lord. Thank you for joining us today.
Well, it's Diana and Brandon again. This is my beautiful wife, and I'm thankful she's here with me today.
She's going to read what Brother Max got in the spirit realm last night—the words—because we were all praying in the spirit and in the interpretation of tongues.
These are the words that he got from the Lord whenever we were praying.
When Sister Billie was praying, he was hearing her speaking in tongues, and this is what he interpreted she was saying.
He has scripture there to back everything, so it's amazing what the Lord was doing last night at the prayer group.
It was a live prayer call, but we had it at church, and everybody was there gathering and praying.
It's awesome to see the body of Christ assembled together as one, praying and interceding for the nations. There were a lot of live feeds.
If you go through and see the live feeds of churches praying last night, I saw another church praying, and they were interceding over Nashville.
It's just amazing, folks, that the body of Christ is waking up.
We all could have been born 150 years ago, and we wouldn't be seeing what we're seeing right now.
You would have already gone home to be with the Lord, but to think that He chose the best for last—I truly believe you're the best He has.
You were born for such a time as this. God has called you, and you, and you—all you that are watching this video right now.
He has called you and chosen you to be here, born right now, alive in 2025.
You are praying for this end-time harvest, for this glorious outpouring, for all the things that we're praying over on this channel.
He's assembling the body together, and it's amazing to see what's going on right now, folks.
The glorious church is rising up and getting a backbone, saying, 'No more, Satan! Thus far and no further.
You will not do any more damage as long as we're here.'That video I did yesterday was really long, but I had an urgency—a prayer urgency—praying for the inauguration coming on the 20th because the enemy is trying to raise his head like that whack-a-mole; you hit it in the head right now.
You can see he's trying to stir the pot, and we as the body of Christ are going to pray.
People say, 'Brandon, aren't you scared about what you've been saying on the internet?'That would never be me.
That's why He didn't call you to do it. That may sound arrogant, but that's why He didn't call you.
He said, 'Brandon, I called you to come on the internet and say the hard things, things that people will shy away from and be scared to say.'But I know that I put a backbone in you, Son, and you're going to say what I tell you to say, and I'll protect you with Big George.
Who is Big George? Big George is my angel, and nobody is going to pass Big George because the Bible says in Psalm 91 that He will bear us up in His hands lest we dash our foot against a stone.
So I dare them. The blood of Jesus Christ covers my house, and there is no weapon formed against me or my family that will prosper.
The Greater One lives on the inside of us. You either believe it or you don't.
You either believe that Jesus is your protector and He said under His wings will you trust, or you don't.
As for me and my house, to be absent from the body is to be present with the Lord. He said He would protect me.
I believe, just like David when he was facing the giant and he said, 'Who is this uncircumcised Philistine that he tries to defy the armies of the Lord?'Now in these days, ISIS, Al-Qaeda, a terrorist group—they're no different than the Philistines back then.
The same devil that possessed them then is possessing these people now. The devil hasn't changed, folks.
He's the same stupid devil he was back then; he just changed his tactics and methods a little bit because the generations have changed because of the internet and things like that, but he knows how to take people down by fear. He comes to kill, steal, and destroy everybody.
But I'm going to tell you this: the same God that raised Jesus Christ from the dead, the same God that helped Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego go into the fiery furnace, the same God that helped Daniel and Samson with the jawbone, He dwells on the inside of you.
People go, 'Man, you're bold.'Well, why not be bold? Do you have confidence in Him?
My mom is freaking out: 'Brandon, oh my goodness!'I'm not trying to pick at people, but I say no, I'm not scared.
Your flesh gets a little rattled sometimes because you let the devil whisper in your ear, but Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever.
He is a protector, a deliverer, and He is our God in whom I trust.
That's why He said you need to get Psalm 91 and Psalm 23 deep down in your heart so that you know that He's going to protect you.
In the video I did yesterday, I went into the spirit. If you go back and watch the whole thing, which is an hour and 43 minutes, He showed me more locations.
He gave me strategic things. I saw men walking around, taking pictures, gathering intel, and trying to get ready for their plans against the nation.
So we pray against those things. We pray for covering. Sometimes you don't stop everything, but that doesn't mean you don't pray.
You see things on the news and say, 'Well, did you pray for New Orleans?'Yes, we did, but it still happened. It could have been a lot worse.
I always go back to that: when we see dark things happening on the news, we say to ourselves, 'It could have been worse.'These are the places the Lord showed me.
Last night when I was praying, the Lord showed me a lot of locations—ten major cities—and then the Lord told me I was praying over England.
One of you was really nice and typed up the places that the Lord showed me and made a list.
This is what she typed up: Las Vegas, Luxor—this is the pyramid—MGM Hotel in Las Vegas, the Eiffel Tower, Statue of Liberty, Trump Tower looking over Central Park.
I saw the condo windows in there; it was the Trump location. She says that he has multiple properties in Miami—three to four properties right now on the beach.
I saw condos on the beach in Miami and was praying over those. Then I went from Miami and I saw Disney.
I saw a vest on somebody because they couldn't park too close to Disney, and they had to have vests on.
Then London Bridge, which she says is actually called Tower Bridge, the main bridge in London.
I was praying over London Bridge and the Vatican. The Lord showed me the Vatican, praying over strategic places in Europe and America.
Tower Bridge connects to the Tower of London. Most people mistake Tower Bridge for London Bridge.
So that's the bridge—it was a big bridge when I was in the spirit.
The Lord said, 'Pray for this,'and I was thinking, 'What is the point of a terrorist trying to attack these locations like the Statue of Liberty?'The Lord said to me, 'Brandon, it's what it represents.'It strikes fear.
Terrorism is just to strike fear in people; it cripples you. Fear is so that you do not move and act bold about anything.
I thought, 'Why Las Vegas?'Well, the corruption in Las Vegas, a lot of sin in Las Vegas.
And then what about Rodeo Drive? The Lord told me it was about greed, the lust, and the economy.
It's about killing, stealing, and destroying, causing people to shrink back and attacking what is so important to a lot of Americans'finances.
This is the prayer call we had last night. There were messages given in tongues, and this was interpreted.
There was a statement and then scripture to back what was being spoken.
The Lord was saying in the prayer call that there's a storm coming.
It says, 'Keep your mind on the prayer and walk in My integrity because you trust in Me.'Psalm 55:22.
'Your safety will come from Me. I am faithful. I will strengthen and protect from the evil one.
In this prayer with My prophet and friend, you are My company of prayer to protect your nations from what is coming.
Keep your eyes on Me.'The day of evil is here. Understand that I am with you. Keep going. Take refuge.
You are to protect them from the evil one and to see the work of your hands all in My name, Church. So we are to protect them from the evil ones.
Our job as the church is to rise up and protect from the evil ones, from rebuking the devourer and standing in the gap, watching on the wall.
Stand in My glory. You have My grace and protection. I will save you, My children.
Just say, 'I will be saved; I will not be afraid.'I will not be afraid of the chatter; I will be protected.
This is the scripture delivered after that message: 1 Peter 5:10, Deuteronomy 31:6, Isaiah, Exodus.
'My way is perfect. I am your shield. I will cover you under My wings. I am your refuge at all times. Take refuge in Me now.
I will rescue you because I have made you.'Thank you, Father, for rescuing us.
Run to Him now. Take refuge in Him. Proverbs 3:5, Psalm 16:8.
'My children, walk in the truth. Hold to My word. Have fellowship with Me.
Trust in Me.'Praise God! You can look all those scriptures up on your own. Matches the word of God perfectly.
The word the Lord gave me for this year was that Justin Trudeau is going to be removed.
He said, 'Brandon, I've heard the cries of the Canadians, and I'm going to remove the wicked government.'I saw a good government.
I saw that the Conservatives would get the majority, and there would be a glorious outpouring from sea to sea over Canada.
I saw a major move of God coming for Canada because of the people praying.
That's why I said don't give up. When you start to see a little victory, that is not when you let up.
You have to run over that thing in the road until it's a greasy spot.
You do not let up until the buzzer has gone off and you know that you've won.
We have got to go after this thing like a bulldog on a bone, and I'm not letting go until I get all my victory.
Some people sent me stuff saying, 'Hey, Brandon, guess what?
The word's coming to pass.'Now we hit it harder because we want revival in Canada.
The Lord said, 'I'm giving you a window.'People say four years is too long; I'm ready to go home now.
Watch what you say, because the devil's waiting. You want to live long and finish strong.
If you keep saying, 'I'm ready to go home,'you're going to open a door.
We had a dear sister—I'll be careful and won't say her name—she told us when we met her at the ice cream store, 'I'm ready.
The Shmita cycle is over, and it's going to be in September, and I'm going home.'The Rapture didn't happen, but she went home.
She got COVID and went home. She kept saying it out of her mouth all the time.
She thought the Rapture was coming, but she went home by the grave.
You need to watch what you're saying out of your mouth. I am going to occupy and finish my race until He comes.
I will occupy this earth unless I'm old and ready to go home. We are snared by the words of our mouth.
Life and death are in the power of your tongue. What you said yesterday is what you're living today. You are a product of your words.
Your tongue has life and death in it, and whatever you're saying out of your mouth, you're going to reap the fruit of it.
I always say this: 'I am always in the right place at the right time.
My angels keep charge over me and they bear me up in their hands lest I dash my foot against a stone.'Even in divine delays, I thank You, Lord.
I believe the angels are sent forth to the heirs of salvation to protect us. He will always protect and provide for His beloved.
Maybe you ate Mac and cheese tonight with a peanut butter and jelly sandwich, but you had something in your stomach.
I remember those little cheeseburgers at McDonald's you could get for 50 cents.
Now they're like a buck—thanks, Joe Biden—but give God praise for the small things.
Be thankful for every single miracle in 2025. Show the love of God to people. Kill them with kindness. Love never fails.
When the angels visited me, they said the most important thing when I get before the Father is, 'What did he do with love?'How did he treat the brethren?
How did he walk in love with the unbeliever? That word changed me.
When people are being cranky or doing me wrong, I just show them love.
I don't care how they're treating me. I've been hated by some of the best nowadays.
Show them love even if they don't deserve it. Pray for them and treat them with respect because it heaps coals of fire on them.
Vengeance is His. If you want to be promoted in life, you've got to walk in love.
Where is your love walk? Faith works by love. Be quick to repent.
I always say I'm sorry. If your faith isn't working, check your love walk.
Sometimes people are hard to deal with, and you have to separate, just like Abraham and Lot.
Abraham let Lot take the good land first to keep peace. He ended up getting the better end of the deal.
There's blessing in walking in love. You don't even know what the devil meant for bad; God will turn it around for good. Perfect love casteth out all fear.
'By this everyone will know that you are My disciples, if you love one another.''Beloved, let us love one another, for love is of God; and everyone that loveth is born of God and knoweth God.
He that loveth not knoweth not God, for God is love.'1 John 4:7-8.
We believe Justin Trudeau is going to be removed. The Lord is warning Kim Jong-un and all these other leaders.
We have a window for a great outpouring. Let love flow through your home today.
We take this communion. We thank You, Father, for the body that was broken for us.
You were wounded for our transgressions, bruised for our iniquities, and with Your stripes we are healed.
We plead the blood of Jesus Christ over this nation, our houses, and our finances.
Satan, get your hands off! We are blood-bought, born-again believers.
Every tongue that rises against us, we condemn it. We are made righteous by Your blood. No weapon formed against us is going to prosper.
A thousand shall fall at our side and ten thousand at our right hand, but it won't come nigh us.
We plead the blood of Jesus. Holy Spirit, You are welcome in this place.
Omnipotent Father of mercy and grace, Thou art welcome in this place.
For in Your presence, there’s healing divine; no other power can save, Lord, but Thine.
Receive it. The Lord told me there are healings coming on you all right now.
You're being delivered from this demonic assignment. Reach out and receive it by faith.
'It's mine, I take it now.'Oh, the glory is here! I can sense His mighty presence in the very atmosphere.
2025 is the time that I'm going to draw near. We believe this is the year of the baby.
People who haven't been able to have them will have them this year.
I speak over their wombs in the name of Jesus that they are healed, whole, and well.
We thank You that they will be able to carry them to full term with no miscarriages. These babies are whole and healed.
We thank You that they are neurotypical, they have healthy hearts, and they are knit in the womb.
These babies will have healthy Apgar scores. I see cysts on ovaries, and we call those ovaries to be healed now in Jesus'name.
Complete restoration of the eggs and the hormones. If you don't have a uterus, I speak a creative miracle—you will have a uterus again.
We pray over the male parts, the prostate. We break off generational curses.
Clean bill of health over digestive systems, livers, and hearts!
The fire of the Holy Spirit is going through this camera, delivering you. Blood disorders and leukemia are being healed right now.
Father, we thank You that You're protecting Trump, his family, and his grandchildren.
Angels are camped around President Trump, his wife, the Vice President, and his family.
These terrorists are brought to justice. Any hidden sleeper cells—they're uncovered.
There's confusion in their camp, just like with Gideon. We blow our horn and the enemy is troubled.
Every one of these plots of the wicked is turning on them in the name of Jesus.
We laugh at the face of the devil. Ha-ha-ha, devil, you're not touching us!
We call down every single plague and virus under the blood. The anointing destroys the yoke.
Justin Trudeau will find another job far away from politics.
Let him go be a trash truck delivery guy or a plumber; he can go do service work, but do not lead people anymore.
All these plans will be foiled. We're obliterating this thing.
2025 through 2028 are going to be the glorious Church rising.
We're keeping our eyes upon Jesus. I feel like we kicked that ball and it's moving.
We're winning! If you're new here, please subscribe. We are unashamed of the Holy Spirit.
We pray in tongues and believe in the baptism of the Holy Spirit. We believe in the gifts of the Spirit.
You may be Baptist, Methodist, or Catholic and think I'm radical.
I am! But that's what it takes in these last days. We take down the denominational barriers.
If He'll do it for Braden and Diana, He'll do it for you. Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart. Jesus loves you, and we love you. God bless you.